# quiz-system

One of the key problems to digital quizzing applications is the difficulty to generate a digital quiz. In order to solve this particular problem, you will be designing a Python desktop application that provides an interactive interface to an instructor for generating a quiz. You have a choice to either use Python or Java.  
Start by designing a user entity, which holds atleast the username, password, role and score. The username and password will be used by the application to authenticate the user, while the role can be either an instructor or a student.
Instructors after logging in, should be allowed to create a Quiz by providing a short title and description for the quiz. Once a quiz has been created, the application should then allow the user to add a question (of type multiple choice, true false or numeric). For each question the instructor must add a text for the question, options (4 for MCQs, 2 for True False and none for numeric), expected correct answer (watch out for long expected answers. Sometimes it is better to match an expected option rather than an answer), and a maximum achievable score. On successful creation of the quiz, store its state in a database. 
For students, create a view to display all quizzes and allow the user to take a particular quiz. The user attempts the quiz by providing his answers, which are matched against the correct answers and a score is calculated. At the end of the quiz, simple display the score for the user in this attempt. Also store the user’s profile in a database as well. 
